This song is related to the events of the infamous Kursk submarine disaster.

The nuclear-powered submarine Kursk sank in an accident on 12 August 2000 in the
Barents Sea, and all 118 personnel on board died. The Russian Navy did not 
initiate a search for the sub for more than six hours. 

Over four days, the Russian Navy repeatedly failed in its attempts to attach four
different diving bells and submersibles to the escape hatch of the submarine. 
Its response was criticised as slow and inept. Officials misled and manipulated 
the public and news media, and refused help from other governments. 
President Vladimir Putin initially continued his vacation at a seaside resort; 
he authorised the Russian Navy to accept British and Norwegian offers of 
assistance after five days had passed since the accident. Seven days after the 
sinking, British and Norwegian divers finally opened a hatch to the escape trunk 
in the boat's flooded ninth compartment but found no survivors. The Government 
of Russia and the Russian Navy were intensely criticised over the incident 
and their responses.

As russian divers gradually worked their way inside the compartment and down 
two levels, they found the remains of Captain-lieutenant Dmitry Kolesnikov. 
All of the men had clearly been badly burned.  The Russian divers removed secret 
documents and eventually recovered a total of 12 bodies from the ninth compartment. 
This contradicted earlier statements made by senior Russian officials that all 
of the submariners had died before the submarine hit the bottom.

There were 24 men assigned to compartments six through nine towards the rear of 
the boat. Of that number, 23 survived the two blasts and gathered in the small 
ninth compartment, which had an escape hatch. Captain-lieutenant Dmitri Kolesnikov, 
head of the turbine unit in the seventh department, and one of three surviving officers 
of that rank, apparently took charge. Emergency lighting was normally powered by
batteries located in the first compartment, but these had been destroyed in the 
explosion. But the ninth compartment contained a number of independent emergency
lights, which apparently worked.

Kolesnikov wrote two notes. They contained a private note to his family and,
on the reverse, information on their situation and the names of those in the ninth 
compartment:

"13:15. All personnel from section six, seven, and eight have moved to 
section nine, there are 23 people here. We feel bad, weakened by carbon dioxide.
Pressure is increasing in the compartment. If we head for the surface we won't 
survive the compression. We won't last more than a day. All personnel from 
sections six, seven, and eight have moved to section nine. We have made the 
decision because none of us can escape.

Olga! I love you, don't worry too much. Say hello to folks at home.

15:15. It's dark here to write, but I'll try by feel. It seems like there are no chances, 
10–20%. Let's hope that at least someone will read this. Here's the list of personnel 
from the other sections, who are now in the ninth and will attempt to get out. 
Regards to everybody, no need to despair. Kolesnikov."

On 26 July 2002, almost two years later, the government commission and Russia's 
Prosecutor General, Vladimir Ustinov, announced that the hydrogen peroxide fuel in the
dummy torpedo inside the fourth torpedo launcher set off the initial explosion that 
sank Kursk.

The government published a four-page summary in Rossiyskaya Gazeta that revealed 
"stunning breaches of discipline, shoddy, obsolete and poorly maintained equipment", 
and "negligence, incompetence, and mismanagement". The report said the rescue 
operation was unjustifiably delayed.
