The song is part of a bigger album bearing the same name. Not only this song, 
but the whole album is supposed to translate the writer's relation with the city.

«The Black Hound Petersburg» Shevchuk (DDT lead singer/writer) is talking of is 
Saint Petersburg of the 90s — «scary, filthy, wise black hound. He looks at us
with his short-sighted eyes — eyes full of eternity, pain, love... 
He is a destiny of sorts. That's why artists live in him, a lot of artists. 
It's a sort of university. You see, shadows are all over Petersburg: Akhmatova's
shadow here, Tsvetaeva's shadow there... [1][2] Fyodor Mikhailovich Dostoevsky in the 
hallway watching you with HIS eyes. Pushkin's autumn sideburns elsewhere... 
You see, it's all, all there — right there. It's a standard below which, once you're
in the city, you cannot fall, you just don't have the right.»

And thus it is not a coincidence we meet numerous references to russian literature.
There are references to both Pushkin and Mandelstam: «В этой тёмной воде отраженье 
начала / вижу я и, как он, не хочу умирать» («This dark water reflects the 
beginning / that I see, and like him, don't want to die.») a direct reference to
the later's poem «Ленинград» (Leningrad): «Петербург! Я ещё не хочу умирать…» 
(«Petersburg! I don't want to die yet...») [3]

[1] Anna Akhmatova was one of the most significant Russian poets of the 20th 
      century. She was shortlisted for the Nobel Prize in 1965 and received 
      second-most nominations for the award the following year.

[2] Marina Ivanovna Tsvetaeva was a Russian Empire poet. Her work is considered 
      among some of the greatest in twentieth century Russian literature. 
      She lived through and wrote of the Russian Revolution of 1917 and 
      the Moscow famine that followed it.

[3] Osip Emilyevich Mandelstam was a Russian and Soviet poet. He was the husband
      of Nadezhda Mandelstam and one of the foremost members of the Acmeist 
      school of poets. He was arrested by Joseph Stalin's government during the 
      repression of the 1930s and sent into internal exile with his wife.
