[1] «Eternity smells of petroleum» could be a reference to William James works 
mentioned by Bertrand Russel: “William James describes a man who got the 
experience from laughing-gas; whenever he was under its influence, he knew the 
secret of the universe, but when he came to, he had forgotten it. At last, with 
immense effort, he wrote down the secret before the vision had faded. 
When completely recovered, he rushed to see what he had written. 
It was: "A smell of petroleum prevails throughout.”

Here Letov could be linking together this quote with the nature of petroleum, 
whereby the oil forms from the bodies of dead animals and plants over long 
periods of time. A more immediate association is the dependence of 
modern super-powers (like Russia itself) economies on the petroleum industry.

[2] Howitzer is generally a large ranged weapon that stands between an artillery gun and a mortar.

[3] «Out of the mouths of babes» is a common idiom (both in English and Russian)
that is typically used when a child says something surprisingly wise. It originates from 
the King James Bible, Psalms 8:2O: «Out of the mouth of babes and sucklings hast thou ordained
strength because of thine enemies, that thou mightest still the enemy and the avenger.»

[4] Here Letov is most probably referring to the novel "Stranger" by Albert Camus 

[5] This is in reference to the Great Terror of 1937 conducted by Joseph Stalin, a campaign of 
political repression in the Soviet Union that occurred from 1936 to 1938. It involved large-scale 
repression of the peasantry; ethnic cleansing; purges of the Communist Party, government officials, 
and the Red Army; widespread police surveillance, suspicion of saboteurs and counter-revolutionaries, 
imprisonment, and arbitrary executions. Historians estimate the total number of deaths due to Stalinist
repression in 1937–38 to be between 950,000 and 1.2 million.

[6]

[7] The Omphalos of Delphi (Navel of the Earth) is an ancient marble monument that was found at the 
archaeological site of Delphi, Greece. It represented a stone thrown by the god Zeus, and marked the 
center of the world to the Ancient Greeks. In russian it is a common saying (often moking) meaning a 
person of great importance.

[8] Here order «орден» means a visible honour awarded by a sovereign state, monarch, dynastic royal 
house or organisation to a person, typically in recognition of individual merit, that often comes with
distinctive insignia such as collars, medals, badges, and sashes worn by recipients. The word is 
typically associated with russian (pre-revolution) military merit tradition. 

[9] The association between a sickle and ears and the Soviet Union emblem here is quite obvious. 

Personally this reminds me of a legend from Ab Urbe Condita Libri (History of Rome) by Titus Livius 
(64 BC – 12 AD) of the tyrannical Roman king, Lucius Tarquinius Superbus (Book 1, Chapter 54). 
He is said to have received a messenger from his son Sextus Tarquinius asking what he should do next 
in Gabii, since he had become all-powerful there. Rather than answering the messenger verbally, Tarquin
went into his garden, took a stick, and symbolically swept it across his garden, thus cutting off the 
heads of the tallest poppies that were growing there. The messenger, tired of waiting for an answer, 
returned to Gabii and told Sextus what he had seen. Sextus realised that his father wished him to put 
to death all of the most eminent people of Gabii, which he then did. So here I associate these lines 
with the repression of the Soviet Union government against the russian opposionist intelligentsia 
causing many to immigrate.

[10] The literal translation here is «One cannot spoil a porridge with tears» which is a play on a 
russian idiom «Кашу маслом не испортишь» — «One cannot spoil a porridge with butter». The meaning 
of the original idiom is basically that there can never be too much of something good. Here I tried to
find an equivalent english idiom and «Plenty is no plague» looks right. 

Here Letov is basically saying that there can never be too many tears for the «porridge». He could 
be implying that russian history in its entirety consists of events calling for tears to the point they
become a norm, like «butter in porridge».

[11] «Честь по чести» is a russian idiom equivalent to «Fair and square». 

[12] «кровавые мальчики» — «bloody boys» a direct reference to the "Boris Godunov" play 
by Alexander Pushkin:

                                  "И все тошнит, и голова кружится,
                                  И мальчики кровавые в глазах..."
                                                                      —
                                  "The sickness and dizziness all over,
                                  The sight of bloody boys in eyes..."

[13] A direct reference to the "To the sowers" poem by Nikolay Nekrasov:

                                  "Сейте разумное, доброе, вечное,
                                   Сейте! Спасибо вам скажет сердечное
                                   Русский народ..."
                                                                      —
                                  "Sow the reasonable, the good, the eternal,
                                   Sow! The russian folk will wholeheartedly 
                                   Thank you..."

[14] Directed at the Gospel of Matthew 5-5:
                                  
                              "Блаженны кроткие, ибо они наследуют землю."
                                                                                  —
                              "Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth."

Here Letov is creating a contrast between being "meek" and "running out of patience"
