Russian experiments field

To torture one's flesh with a touching little knife
To torture one's flesh with a touching little knife
To pinch the willing fingers till they bleed 
Bravely savoring the lollipops
Deliberately stuffing the pockets
With dead mice and lively dicks
With chocolate sweets 
And miraculous beatings
At the patriarchical dump of obsolete concepts,
Utilized forms and courteous words
To destroy the whole world by ending yourself
TO DESTROY THE WHOLE WORLD BY ENDING YOURSELF

...eternity smells of petroleum¹
...eternity smells of petroleum

Frost-like compassionate laughter
Frost-like compassionate laughter
Frost-like compassionate laughter
Is gloriously falling onto...
onto...
Onto the RUSSIAN EXPERIMENTS FIELD 

Geography of vileness
Orphography of hatred
Apologia of ignorance
Mythology of optimism
Laws of the virtuous howitzer²
Noble feast of prudence
Out of the mouths of babes³ speaks the hole 
Out of the mouths of babes speaks the bullet

...eternity smells of petroleum 
...eternity smells of petroleum

Frost-like compassionate laughter
Frost-like compassionate laughter
Frost-like compassionate laughter
Is gloriously falling onto...
onto...
Onto the RUSSIAN EXPERIMENTS FIELD 

The craftsmanship of being as excessive as me,
The craftsmanship of being as loved as a noose,
The craftsmanship of being as global as a baked apple,
The art of stepping aside on time
The art of being a stranger
The art of becoming a stranger⁴
The state of the art remedy to rid ovens
From the voluntarily suffocated
The state of the art remedy to rid ropes
From the nasty smell of unwashed necks
The state of the art remedy to find the guilty⁵
The state of the art remedy to find the guilty 

RUSSIAN EXPERIMENTS FIELD

Emptiness behind the opened door
That means, someone has come for you
That means, that now someone needs you

And the snow keeps falling and falling
Russian field exudes snow⁶

Some were buried in a pack of eyes 
Some were buried in a pack of newspapers

As for the bull, put to death at massacre,
Tis the subject of everyone's joy, everyone's pride
Everyone's hatred, everyone's will
Everyone's will and everyone's old age

To stuff the grave with oneself to capacity,
Means to inherit the earth.
What is inheriting the earth then?
It is to run out of patience¹⁴.
Quod erat demonstrandum!

Into the peephole — into the key slot,
Cute genious thoughts — cute world wars
Unofficial navels of the earth⁷
Enameled parts of head systems
Instinctive volunteers
In the name of the universe and bread crust
People with a capital "P",
You spell the word «People» with a capital "P"!

Swastika of faith pulled off the faces
Babylonian alphabet stuck to the fingers
Historically justified method of 
Devouring the raw earth
Isn't that what we need?!
Isn't that what we need?!

And in the morning they inevitably woke up
Didn't catch cold — didn't get dirty
Called a spade a spade,
Sowed the good, the reasonable, the eternal¹³.
Now they sowed everything and named everything.
Dinner is served — fair and square¹¹
The first course were fruits of enlightenment
And for the second they had bloody boys¹²

Order-bearing⁸ Lord of the victorious world,
Well-earned Lord of the red banner fear
A righteous feast for the right citizens
A sharpened sickle for the ripe ears⁹

Pit as the principle of movement towards the Sun
Plenty of tears is no plague¹⁰

Sleigh full of maidenish disgrace
Sheets full of childish stench
Maidenish eyes, cuckoo tears
And also all sorts of other things

So who died in the general battle,
Who died in the brilliant defeat?
For the cup, full of pity
In the Stalingrad battle of beastly lust?

The airplane smirked to smithereens
Into the hillock of the promised land
The airplane smirked to smithereens
Into the hillock of the promised land

As for my love, I single-handedly
Freed it from further inevitable disappointment
Lured it with gingerbread!
Lured it with gingerbread!!!
Raped with a drunken cruel boot
And hanged it on a cloud, as a child hangs
ITS UNLOVED DOLL 
ITS UNLOVED DOLL 
ITS UNLOVED DOLL 
ITS UNLOVED DOLL 

Frost-like compassionate laughter
Frost-like compassionate laughter
Frost-like compassionate laughter
Frost-like compassionate laughter
Is gloriously falling onto...
onto...
Onto the RUSSIAN EXPERIMENTS FIELD

Eternity smells of petroleum...
